May 16, 2023 Tuesday
I did try to complete the resources and messages queries, routers, and migrations but cant test it to make sure it is accurate. So i cannot mark it as complete! My localhost page is continuously loading. also could not connect to the database, spent a really long time trying to figure it out but keep getting an authentication failed for user in the therapy container. I did delete my containers/images and recompose everything too. We have to go on localhost:8080/docs to see the endpoints but maybe we can just use 8000 for everything if we dont need to use sample_service??? Also in the messages model, vscode does not like our “from” field so i have to change to and from into “sender” and “recipient” in our excalidraw. Also why do we have cost as a field in messages again? Also added subject as a field.

May 17, 2023 Wednesday
Having a lot of trouble creating a table using migrations up, and i'm following the FASTApi video instructions on learn. I fixed the database so all of my containers have been running with no errors

May 18, 2023 Thursday
Dave showed a way to create my tables by adding python -m migrations up in my dockerfile.dev, then restarting my containers and it worked! will continue to work on finishing another tables and then restarting routers/queries.

May 20, 2023 Saturday
I redid my create resource query/router, i rewatched the videos off learn and missed a few things. I'm having trouble to the response status, because if I include it the way curtis did in the video, i'm basically hard coding my create to always be a 400 so i removed it for now.

May 21, 2023 Sunday
Created an update, get details, and delete a resource functionality for the resources table. have to include response codes later.

May 22, 2023 Monday
Today we're gonna get into authorization. Been having trouble merging with main branch since yesterday.

May 23, 2023 Tuesday
I fixed the ghi in the compose file since it kept exiting out of the container, i also spent some time putting an image as a background for localhost:3000. i have to redo my resources migration bc only therapists can post a resource. learned that this line: CONSTRAINT therapist_writer CHECK (
writer IN (
SELECT id FROM jotters WHERE user_type = 'therapist'
))
checks to see if the writer has an existing id in jotters and has an id type of therapist

May 24, 2023 Wednesday
Today i figured out how to do the frontend authorization! but my challenge is to do it with redux. I created the store, api, and edited my login form and it seems to be working fine but i'm not entirely sure if its correct yet.

May 25, 2023 Thursday
after merging with main my localhost:3000 is filled with errors and it seems like some dependencies got deleted, so i added them back in and i'm getting a bunch of errors. ended up fixing the login again, and started working on list pages.

May 26, 2023 Friday
Today i'm going to continue on working on list pages, after a long break, a way better approach came to me.

May 27, 2023 Saturday
I dont get why i cant show my therapist and clients list on different endpoints

May 29, 2023 Monday
I learned that i can only use the endpoints that we made on our backend, so I have to display clients/therapists on /jotters.

May 30, 2023 Tuesday
Learned a bit more about redux but still very confused on how to manage the state properly. I worked on resources list with a search bar functionality, and when clicking on a resource, it will show the details of it at the bottom of the list.

May 31, 2023 Wednesday
Still have not been able to filter through the lists, I want to be able to say if the logged in user has a user.type of 'client' then show this on their page and vise versa for 'therapist'. And not sure how to see how clients/therapists are connected to eachother. I was thinking of connecting them through appointments since its too late to change too much in our backend but I'm still a bit stuck for filtering through.

June 1, 2023 Thursday
I made changes to our appointments schema to make sure that when making an appointment, the appointment is only scheduled with a therapist. I also created a list of client appointments and list of appointments for therapists. I created a form to create an appointment but its not working yet. I also created a create resource button that shows up with a form but it is not working yet. pulling from main has giving me so many crazy errors that i cannot fix and can't even build my docker so i had to resort to going back to an old commit to try to get some work done.

June 3, 2023 Saturday
I created delete/edit for resources and finally got the form to work! Esra helped me figure out how to display certain things when a user type is logged in so we got the resources list available to clients/unauthorized users and the list/edit/delete/form only available to therapist users!!

June 4, 2023 Sunday
I spent the entire day trying to list out appointments for users and therapists. I had to go back to the backend and add another function to list appointments for therapists, it would not work if i combined them together. I added a new query to appointmentsapi to grab the therapist information from the new endpoint i had to create to be able to get therapist appointments. I can successfully see a user's upcoming appointments as a logged in user and a therapist's upcoming appointments as a logged in therapist!

June 5, 2023 Monday
Finished appointments form, cancel, and rescheduling features.
